21-22 Troupe

The Warriors come upon a travelling entertainment troupe, 
complete with the strongman, the fire-eater, the fortune-teller 
and the bearded lady! Each Warrior may make one visit to one 
of the following troupe members before the troupe departs: 

STRONGMAN

   Arm wrestle the strongman with a wager up to 500 gold 
before rolling 1D6 and adding your Warrior’s Strength:
 
2-6 With a roar of laughter from the circus troupe, the 
	strongman slams your Warrior’s arm into the table.  
	The strongman counts his newly acquired gold in 
	triumph.
 
8-9 Grunting and sweating, the match teeters back and 
	forth.  Finally, with a sneaky kick under the table, the 
	strongman manages to take the Warrior’s hand to the 
	table! Crying foul, your Warrior argues the match until 
	the strongman agrees to a draw. 

10+ With a swift, powerful move your Warrior smashes 
	the strongman’s arm into the makeshift table, pulling 
	him off his seat with a loud whimper. The small crowd 
	goes wild and the Warrior wins the wager! 


FORTUNE-TELLER
   
Seek the fortune-teller’s advice by crossing her palm with 50 
gold before rolling 1D6 and adding your Warrior’s Willpower:
 
2-6 Reading the palm, the woman predicts a loss of 
	finances very soon. As the Warrior pays her, they 
	wonder when in the future they will part with their 
	money… 

8-9 Through a crystal ball the woman exposes the 
	Warrior’s foolish past but uncovers an optimistic 
	future. At the next Settlement, the Warrior may ignore 
	one Settlement Event, treating it as an Uneventful 
	Day instead. 

10+ With a carefully laid out tarot card reading, the woman 
	clearly shows the Warrior’s future. They may add +1 
	to their Luck Characteristic permanently!  
   
GAMBLER 
  
Play a game of find the pea with the gambler by wagering up 
to 500 gold on the outcome before rolling 1D6 and adding your 
Warrior’s Initiative: 

2-6 Your Warrior tracks the pea as good as they can but 
	is soon dazzled by the gambler’s skilful handiwork. 
	Your Warrior soon loses track of the pea and their 
	gold. 

8-9 Your Warrior’s eyes are good, but the gambler’s 
	hands are better. As the gambler lifts the shell, the 
	pea drops out of nowhere. He has cheated! He quickly 
	calls a halt to the game and declares the round a 
	draw, packing up and departing quickly! 

10+ The gambler spins the shells in a dazzling display of 
	skill and dexterity! Even more impressive, though, are 
	the Warrior’s eyes:  with a confident and poised 
	finger, the Warrior points out the proper shell. With 
	the look of grim defeat, the gambler unveils the pea 
	and reluctantly pays the wager. The onlookers are 
	indeed impressed! 