21-22 Caravan Guards

After it seems that Warriors will never find civilization, they 
see the thatched roof and wooden wall of a small village. The 
Warriors abandon all hope of reaching a Town or City… until 
they spy a group of wagons ready to haul wheat and grain to 
a larger Settlement (1-4 Town, 5-6 City).  The Warriors are told 
that constant bandit raids have kept the last two monthly 
shipments from reaching their destination. The Warriors can 
either agree to guard the caravan in exchange for a lift to the 
next Settlement or remain in the Village.
 
If the Warriors choose to guard the caravan, roll 1D6 on the 
table below:
 
1 The Caravan is ambushed and despite the Warriors’ 
	best efforts  the grain stolen! With the wagons 
	burning behind them, the Warriors only survive by 
	escaping into the wilderness. The party must go 
	immediately to the next Dungeon.
 
2-3 Only miles from the Village, the Caravan is attacked 
	by hordes of brigands! Soon, the Warriors and farmers 
	have to retreat back empty-handed and must remain 
	in the Village. With the third loss of grain in as many 
	months, the Village suffers from cost inflation in 
	goods and services. All costs are 5x the listed price!
 
4 The pounding of drums and whizzing of fire-arrows 
	signal a raid on the caravan! With some of the wagons 
	burning, the Warriors muster their courage and 
	manage to force the bandits into retreat! With half the 
	shipment still intact, the Warriors may continue 
	toward the Settlement. 

5 The bandits do indeed attack but the Warriors give 
	them a firm drubbing. Divided, bloodied and 
	bewildered, the bandits beat a hasty retreat. The 
	Warriors may continue to the Settlement with 75% of 
	the shipment intact. As a reward for their efforts, the 
	caravan company will pay all of the Warriors’ Living 
	Expenses at the next Settlement.
 
6 The bandits are no match for the Warriors and after a 
	brief battle the brigands are either dead or captured. If 
	the Warriors reach the Settlement, they are welcomed 
	by waves of cheerful citizens and need not pay Living 
	Expenses during their stay. They can hand over the 
	bandits to the authorities whereupon each Warrior 
	receives 1D6x50 gold! 