33-34 Leprechaun

The Warriors’ enjoy the wondrous sight of a rainbow as they 
travel. Whilst traversing some woodlandthe Warriors are 
shocked to discover the end of the rainbow! Sleeping soundly 
nearby in a patch of emerald green clover is a little bearded 
man with a square hat, buckled shoes and a large pot of gold. 
This must be the Warriors’ lucky day! 

Roll 1D6 for each Warrior who wishes to try and sneak up 
to catch the little fellow, the highest score being the one to 
nab him first. If more than one Warrior ties for the highest 
number the little man is awakened by the Warriors arguing 
over who gets to catch him and the fellow vanishes before any 
of them can reach him.
 
If a single Warrior has the highest roll, that Warrior must roll 
on the following table (this roll cannot be affected by Luck or 
anything else): 

1 “Me luck has run out! But so has yours!” the little man 
	screams. The Leprechaun wriggles free of your Warrior’s 
	clumsy grasp and with a click of his fingers he and his 
	gold vanish. The Warrior is -1 Luck for the next 
	Adventure! 

2 “Unhand me, brigand!” the little man cries. The man is 
	not a leprechaun, but a local Halfling out collecting 
	wood. Your Warrior notices that the ‘pot of gold’ is just 
	a yellow basket filled with logs. Sheepishly your Warrior 
	bribes him with 1D6x50 gold to not report them to the 
	authorities. 

3 “Oh, please!” the little man begs, “I’ll grant ye one wish 
	if ye let me go!” Thinking diligently about the 
	possibilities of such a wish and rubbing their hands 
	together gleefully, your Warrior drops the rotund little 
	fellow to the ground. Giving your Warrior a swift kick to 
	the shin and grabbing his pot of gold the little man 
	chimes, “Not your lucky day after all!” Snapping his 
	fingers, he is suddenly gone... 

4 “Now I’ve got you! You have to give me a wish!” your 
	Warrior exclaims, wrapping his arms around the green 
	man.  “Not so fast,” the little fellow says. “Things have 
	changed since the old days – ye don’t just get that wish 
	for free anymore,” he snorts. He motions the Warrior 
	over and soon they are in the bushes and out of sight. 
	Upon emerging, the little guy is grinning ear to ear. He 
	grabs his pot of gold, tosses a few dozens coins at your 
	Warrior’s feet, and disappears into the thicket. Your 
	Warrior collects 1D6x20 gold.  “Call me!” your Warrior 
	yells after him. 

5 “Me lucky charms!” the little man squeals. “You have 
	me indeed!”  the Leprechaun has no choice but to grant 
	the Warrior +1 to either Strength, Toughness, Weapon 
	Skill, or Ballistic Skill for the next Adventure, give a 
	permanent +1 Wound, or give the Warrior 1D6x100 
	gold. He then clicks his fingers and disappears.
 
6 “Another fine mess I’ve gotten me self into, don’t you 
	know?!” the little man bellows. He grants your Warrior 
	+1 permanently to either Strength, Toughness, Attacks, 
	Weapon Skill, Ballistic Skill, Luck, 1D6 Wounds, or he 
	gives your Warrior 1D6x300 gold. He then clicks his 
	fingers and disappears. 