41-42 Messenger

An Elf messenger crashes into the Warriors’ campsite. 
Panting and puffing, he begs the Warriors to help him deliver a 
message to one of two large Settlements in the area.  A horde 
of Orcs and Goblins are storming the countryside with a 
devastating surprise attack. If the Warriors can get to the next 
Settlement and pre-warn the inhabitants, they may have time 
to mount a defence.
 
When the Warriors reach the next Settlement, roll 1D6:
 
1 The Orcs have reached the Settlement first and have 
	sacked it. The Settlement is a mess, bodies are being 
	collected and there is a food and water shortage. No 
	shops are open as the inhabitants struggle to put their 
	lives back together and each Warrior feels compelled 
	to give 1D6x100 gold to help the survivors. After all, it 
	was the Warriors who arrived with the news too late!  
	They must proceed directly to the next Adventure… 

2-4 The Warriors arrive before the Orcs and deliver the 
	news. The Settlement is thrown into chaos as they 
	prepare for the onslaught. Roll 2D6, the result being 
	the number of days the Warriors have until the Orcs 
	and Goblins attack. If they are still in this Settlement 
	at the end of the specified time period, follow 
	Catastrophic Event #4 in the Roleplay Book (page 25).
 
5-6 The Warriors reach the Settlement and warn the local 
	militia of the attack. The Warriors offer their swords 
	for service and act as generals. Being able to prepare 
	for the onslaught proves to be the difference in the 
	battle. With clever ambush techniques, well-
	coordinated flanking manuevers and powerful column 
	offences, the greenskins are no match for the 
	Warriors and the Settlement soldiers. The Orcs and 
	Goblins are devastated in record time and the 
	Settlement experiences minimal casualties. The 
	Warriors and soldiers return from the field to a hero’s 
	welcome. For the rest of their stay in the Settlement 
	they need not pay any living expenses and everything 
	in the Settlement is sold to them at half price!