65-66 Adventuring Party

The Warriors cross paths with a party of brash adventurers; 
two Humans, a Dwarf and a Halfling. Each Warrior must roll 
1D6 and add their Willpower. 

Roll 1D6 on the table below for the group. Add +1 for every 
Warrior who scored 7 or more on their Willpower test and 
subtract -1 for every Warrior who scored 6 or less: 

1 or less.  The Warriors are immediately irritated with the 
	presumptuous group of adventurers and it isn’t 
	long before the two parties break out into in all out 
	rumble! When the dust clears the Warriors humbly 
	find themselves bloodied and battered. They each 
	have 1D6x100 gold and an item of Treasure 
	(determined at random) taken from them. 

2-3 The Warriors are annoyed by the arrogance and 
	overconfidence of this small group of adventurers. 
	After a brief exchange of formalities, the Warrior 
	with the lowest Willpower test score can’t help but 
	make a snide remark. The Halfling immediately 
	sends his fist into the Warrior’s mouth, smashing 
	out four teeth. The Halfling demands 1D6x100 gold 
	pieces to further resolve the matter which the 
	Warrior happily pays selling items of Treasure to 
	cover the cost. (The Warrior is now referred as 
	“[Warrior’s Name], the Toothless” by their peers in 
	private…) 

4-5 The Warriors demonstrate dignity and poise as 
	they exchange formalities with the other party. 
	When their Dwarf make a rude remark, one of the 
	Warriors (chosen at random) delivers a swift kick 
	which send the Dwarf sprawling. The Dwarf 
	manages a whispered apology, begs for 
	forgiveness and gives the Warrior 1D6x50 gold as 
	compensation for the insult. 

6+ The Warriors are the epitome of virtue and honour. 
	The same can’t be said for the other party of 
	adventurers as they begin to taunt the Warriors.  
	The other party draws their weapons and the 
	Warriors are forced to respond in kind. Moments 
	later, the other party members all lay dead. When 
	the Warriors search their bodies they turn up 
	1D6x50 gold pieces and one item of Dungeon 
	Room Treasure each! 