15-16 Bandit Stronghold

While the Warriors forage for food, 
they come across a hidden fortress. 
Through the wooden palisade, they 
can see a group of armed individuals 
moving around within. The Warriors 
recognise one of the bandits as a 
notorious outlaw chief whose 
likeness they have seen on a great 
many wanted posters in this area. 
The bandits appear completely 
unaware and the Warriors believe 
that they can overtake them. Roll 
2D6 to see the outcome below: 

2-3 The Warriors underestimate the number of bandits 
	in the group and it isn’t long before they are forced 
	to surrender. Stripped of all their gold and treasure 
	the Warriors are sent packing by the bandits to 
	serve as an example to others who might be foolish 
	enough to cross them. Each Warrior must roll an 
	additional 1D6 and if the result is a ‘1’, then the 
	bandits takes an ear, finger or other non-vital 
	appendage (player’s choice) as part of their 
	warning. 

4-5 The bandits are highly skilled and efficiently 
	organised and they subdue the Warriors within 
	minutes. The bandits take all of the Warriors’ gold 
	and an item of Treasure before releasing them miles 
	down the road as a warning for others. 

6-8 It isn’t long before the Warriors realise that their 
	plan isn’t going well. They flee the battle but drop 
	1D6x50 gold in the process. The bandits laugh at 
	such a paltry attempt at capturing them and thank 
	the Warriors for their “donation” to their cause! 

9-10 The Warriors launch a surprise attack on the bandits 
	that sends them into disarray. In the ensuing 
	confusion the Warriors are able to pick them off one 
	by one. Unfortunately, the bandit leader escapes, 
	but a search of the stronghold turns up 4D6x50 
	which the Warriors distribute evenly among 
	themselves. 

11-12 The attack the Warriors launch the fortress makes 
	the bandits think that the forest is being invaded by 
	an army! The leader and 2D6 of his cronies 
	immediately surrender whilst the rest of the bandits 
	flee for their lives. Once chained together the 
	captive bandits are easy enough for the Warriors to 
	control for the rest of the journey. When the 
	Warriors reach the next Settlement, the Warriors are 
	rewarded with 50 gold per bandit while the leader is 
	worth 1D6x100 gold which is distributed amongst 
	all of the Warriors evenly.  